Dev 1.29 user namespaces pss update (#44156)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-standards.md

- Seccomp
- Linux Capabilities

> ## User Namespaces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## User namespaces
```

Sentence case for headings please.

User Namespaces are a Linux-only feature to run workloads with increased
isolation. How they work together with Pod Security Standards is described in

> the [corresponding feature documentation](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/user-namespaces#integration-with-pod-security-admission-checks).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the [documentation](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/user-namespaces#integration-with-pod-security-admission-checks) for Pods that use user namespaces.
```
It's not “feature documentation”, it's just documentation.
